Draft funding proposal for part time security role. (#119)
jupyter/security: docs/funding_proposal_2026.md

- **Reports go unanswered for weeks or months.** Security reports submitted
  through GitHub security advisories and other channels sit in a queue with no
  one consistently responsible for initial triage and response.
- **Opened GHSAs stall without resolution.** Several GitHub Security Advisories
  have been created but lack follow-through — no patch, no CVE coordination, no
  public disclosure timeline.
- **Maintainer time is wasted on noise.** A growing share of inbound reports are
  AI-generated submissions of questionable accuracy, or outright spam unrelated
  to actual vulnerabilities. Filtering these from legitimate reports requires
  time and security judgment that volunteer maintainers shouldn't have to donate
  ad hoc.
- **No cross-project coordination.** Security issues may span multiple Jupyter
  subprojects (e.g., a vulnerability in Jupyter Server that affects JupyterHub
  deployments). There is no one whose job it is to coordinate across these
  boundaries.

This is not a reflection of maintainer negligence — it is a resourcing gap.
Security work is specialized, time-sensitive, and difficult to do well in
occasional spare moments.

> ## time sensitivity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Time sensitivity
```

Some reports are forwarded via platforms (huntr.com as one of the example), and
are usually automatically published after a grace period with or without

> response from maintainer, in 2026 the Jupyter Project had sor far 8 reports,

Reviewer: 1) Typo
2) That is huntr alone, right?

```suggestion
response from maintainer, in 2026 the Jupyter Project had so far 8 reports
on huntr alone,
```
